Refactor video processing pipeline (#95)
neuralet/smart-social-distancing: README.md

  - `Resolution`: Specifies the image resolution that the whole processor will use. If you are using a single camera we recommend using that resolution.
  - `Encoder`: Specifies the video encoder used by the processing pipeline.
  - `MaxProcesses`: Defines the number of processes executed in the processor. If you are using multiple cameras per processor we recommend increasing this number.

>   - `ScreenshotsDirectory`: Configures the folder dedicated to storing all the images (for example the heatmap reports) generated by the processor. We recommend to set this folder to a mounted directory (such as */repo/data/processor/static/screenshots*)

Author: This folder is used not only by the logger (for example, the heatmap snapshots are also stored there).

  - `DashboardURL`: Sets the url where the frontend is running. Unless you are using a custom domain, you should keep this value as https://beta.lanthorn.ai/.
  - `SlackChannel`: Configures the slack channel used by the notifications. The chosen slack channel must exist in the configured workspace.
  - `OccupancyAlertsMinInterval`:  Sets the desired interval (in seconds) between occupancy alerts.
  - `MaxThreadRestarts`: Defines the number of restarts allowed per thread.

>   - `HeatmapResolution`: Sets the resolution used by the heatmap report.

Author: It was configured in the Logger section before (that was removed). 
Maybe make more sense to put it in the report's sections :thinking:

- `[Api]`

>   - `Host`: Configures the host IP of the processor's API (inside docker). We recommend don't change that value and keep it as *0.0.0.0*.

Reviewer: `SSLKeyFile` should say:

> If you generate it following the steps defined in this Readme you should put */repo/certs/<your_ip>.key*

Could we include this small change in this PR?

Author: Done

  - `DistMethod`: Configures the chosen distance method used by the processor to detect the violations. There are three different values: CalibratedDistance, CenterPointsDistance and FourCornerPointsDistance. If you want to use *CalibratedDistance* you will need to calibrate the camera from the [UI](https://beta.lanthorn.ai).

- `[Detector]`:

>   - `Device`: Specifies the device. The available values are *Jetson*, *EdgeTPU*, *Dummy*, *x86*, *x86-gpu*

Author: For now, you are using the same device to execute all the pipeline steps. Maybe in the future, we choose to execute the classifiers in a different one. For that reason, I duplicated it.

- `[Classifier]`:

  Some of the supported devices includes the *facemask detection* feature. If you want to include this feature, you need to specify the classifier section.
  - `Device`: Specifies the device. The available values are *Jetson*, *EdgeTPU*, *Dummy*, *x86*, *x86-gpu*
  - `Name`: Name of the facemask classifier used.
  - `ImageSize`: Configures the moedel input size. When the image has a different resolution, it is resized to fit the model ones. The available values of this parameter depends on the model chosen.
  - `ModelPath`: The same behavior as in the section `Detector`.
  - `MinScore`: Defines the facemask detection threshold. Any facemask detected by the model with a score less than the threshold will be ignored.

- `[Tracker]`:
  - `Name`: Name of the tracker used.
  - `MaxLost`: Defines the number of frames that an object should disappear to be considered as lost.
  - `TrackerIOUThreshold`: Configures the threshold of IoU to consider boxes at two frames as referring to the same object at IoU tracker.

- `[SourcePostProcessor_N]`:

>   In the config files, we use the *SourcePostProcessor* sections to specifies additional processing steps in the sources. We support 3 different ones (identified by the field *Name*) that you enable/disable uncommenting/commenting them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  In the config files, we use the *SourcePostProcessor* sections to specify additional processing steps after running the detector and face mask classifier (if available) on the video sources. We support 3 different ones (identified by the field *Name*) that you enable/disable uncommenting/commenting them.
```

    - `objects_filtering`: Used to remove invalid objects (duplicates or large).
        - `NMSThreshold`: Configures the threshold of minimum IoU to detect two boxes as referring to the same object.
    - `social_distance`: Used to measure the distance between objects and detect social distancing violations.
      - `DefaultDistMethod`: Defines the default distance algorithm for the cameras without *DistMethod* configuration.
      - `DistThreshold`: Configures the distance threshold for the *social distancing violations*
    - `anonymizer`: A step used to enable anonymization of faces in videos and screenshots.

- `[SourceLogger_N]`:

  Similar to the section *SourcePostProcessor_N*, we support multiple loggers (right now 4) that you enable/disable uncommenting/commenting them.
  - `video_logger`: Generates a video stream with the processing results. It is a useful logger to monitor in real-time your sources.

>   - `s3_logger`: Store the processed data in a S3 bucket.

Reviewer 2: This currently stores only screenshots. Maybe add that here in the description. In future we could store all data, and then we would need more parameters

Author: Done

    - `ScreenshotPeriod`: Defines a time period (expressed in minutes) to take a screenshot of all the cameras and store them in S3. If you set the value to 0, no screenshots will be taken.
    - `ScreenshotS3Bucket`: Configures the S3 Bucket used to store the screenshot.
  - `file_system_logger`: Store the processed data in a folder inside the processor.
    - `TimeInterval`: Sets the desired logging interval for objects detections and violations.
    - `LogDirectory`: Defines the location where the generated files will be stored.

>      - `ScreenshotPeriod`: Defines a time period (expressed in minutes) to take a screenshot of all the cameras and store them. If you set the value to 0, no screenshots will be taken.

Reviewer 2: This should have the same indentation as the previous line, right?

Author: Done

>   - `web_hook_logger`: Allows you to configure an external endpoint to receive in real-time the objects detections and violations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - `web_hook_logger`: Allows you to configure an external endpoint to receive in real-time the object detections and violations.
```

    - `Endpoint`: Configures an endpoint url.
 
- `[PeriodicTask_N]`:

>   The processor also supports the execution of periodic tasks to generated reports, accumulated metrics, etc. For now, we support only the *reports* task.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  The processor also supports the execution of periodic tasks to generate reports, accumulate metrics, etc. For now, we support only the *reports* task.
```
